# Privacy Policy

NimbusXR (“We” or “Us”) respects your privacy and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of those persons (“You”)
participating in events organized by NimbusXR and using the NimbusXR associated services (“Services”). This Privacy
Policy helps You to understand what Personal Information (as defined below) and non-personal information We collect, and
how We use it.

This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of Personal Information and non-personal information in connection with
the Services and You should read this document before using our Services. If You do not agree to the terms of this
Privacy Policy, you may not use our Services.

“Personal Information” refers to information, which allows You to be directly or indirectly identified as an individual
person. We may also collect “non-personal information” meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify anyone.
Non-personal information may also result from removing the personally identifiable parts from Personal Information. We
collect and use both types of information and combinations of both types.

1. Processing Personal Information

NimbusXR will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

NimbusXR will process Your Personal Information for the purposes of providing the Services, including organizing the
events and facilitating participant networking using associated services.

NimbusXR will process Your Personal Information to provide customer service and other services at your request, to send
You information, including confirmations, invoices, and other communications, as well as communicate with You about
promotions and other news about services offered by NimbusXR.

NimbusXR commits to adhere to the applicable laws and regulations pertaining to processing of Personal Information, as
well as to process Personal Information in compliance with good processing practices. All NimbusXR’s personnel
processing Personal Information are obliged to keep such information strictly confidential.

2. Information We Collect and Sources of Information

We collect several categories of information:

    Information You give to us

    Technically gathered information when You use our Services

    Information from third parties in relation to our service.

We collect information that You give to us, for example when You use our Services. This information may include your
name and email.

NimbusXR also collects non-personal information on Your activities in the Services, such as your Internet Protocol
address, and time of Your requests or actions in the website and referring website addresses, hardware type, operating
system version, browser type, and language.

NimbusXR retains the Personal Information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfil
the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. The
criteria used to determine the period of storage of Personal Information is depends on the applicable legal basis for
the processing of Personal Information: e.g. where the processing of Personal Information is necessary for the
performance of a contract, NimbusXR retains the Personal Information as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of
the contract or the initiation of a contract; or, where the processing of Personal Information is necessary for
complying with a legal obligation, NimbusXR retains the Personal Information for the respective statutory retention
period; or, where the processing of Personal Information is permissible for the purposes of the legitimate interests
pursued by Us, such as marketing, NimbusXR retains the Personal Information as long as it is permitted by law.

Thereafter, if the collected Personal Information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy,
NimbusXR will delete Personal Information in its possession within a reasonable timeframe or render it anonymous,
meaning “non-personal information”.

We also use other third-party data analytics service providers in order to improve the Services NimbusXR may use tools
from third-party service providers, such as Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (
“Google”).

Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use
the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of
evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other
services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties
where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not
associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the
appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full
functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the
manner and for the purposes set out above.

The Google Analytics tracking code implemented on this website supports Display Advertising. Google Analytics for
Display Advertising is used on this website in form of Remarketing. Third-party vendors, including Google, will show
NimbusXR ads on sites across the internet. NimbusXR and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (
such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform,
optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to this website. You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display
Advertising and customize Google Display ads using the Ads Preferences Manager.

The following Google AdWords features are used on this website:

    Remarketing

    Interest Categories

    Similar Audiences

    Other types of interest-based advertising

We use these features of Google Adwords to target past visitors across the internet or visitors with specific interest
profiles based on their internet usage. We don’t collect personally identifiable information (PII) through our cookies,
remarketing lists, or any other anonymous identifiers. At any time, you may decline the collection and storage of your
data in the future.

3. Disclosing and Hosting Information

NimbusXR will not disclose your stored Personal Information to third parties for direct electric marketing (email, text
messages) without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which You will have the ability to
opt-in or opt-out. You may always opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in those emails.
If You opt-out, NimbusXR may still send You non-promotional customer information, such as emails about providing the
Service or NimbusXR’s ongoing business relations.

We use external service providers to provide technical solutions or services for processing stored information and
access the stored information by using a technical interface and share your personally information with third-party
service providers to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the Services. We use
third-party service providers, such as e-mail service providers, credit card processors, information analyzers and
business intelligence providers. NimbusXR has right to share Personal Information as necessary for the aforementioned
service providers to provide their services to NimbusXR. NimbusXR is not liable for the acts and omissions of these
third parties. NimbusXR may host the Services in and transfer Personal Information for this purpose to countries outside
the European Union or the European Economic Area in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy.

We have the right to share non-personal information (such as anonymous usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs,
platform types, asset views, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to assist them in understanding the
usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality of the Services. In
exceptional circumstances Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties if required under any applicable law or
regulation or order by competent authorities, or in order to enforce the Terms of Service and to investigate possible
infringing use of the Services as well as to guarantee the safety of the Services.

NimbusXR has right to share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or
acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregate or anonymous information about You may be shared with
advertisers, publishers, business partners, and other third parties.

4. Protection of Information

The registers will be maintained in external service providers’ servers with appropriate safeguards, such as password
protection, granting the access to the stored information only to persons working at NimbusXR or NimbusXR partners who
are expressly authorized by NimbusXR. The register is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and
organizational safety measures. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services
in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that
information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. NimbusXR will post a notice on the NimbusXR website
or through the Services in case material security breach that endangers your privacy or Personal Information. NimbusXR
may also temporarily shut down a service to protect Personal Information.

5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies

A cookie is a string of information or a small text file that a website stores on a visitor’s device, and that the
visitor’s browser or operating system provides to “remember” things about your visit. NimbusXR uses cookies to help it
identify and track visitors, their usage of the Services, and their access preferences, improving quality, tailoring
recommendations, and developing the Services. The cookies will not enable NimbusXR to access and review information
stored on Your computer. In addition to cookies, NimbusXR may use other existing or later developed tracking
technologies.

NimbusXR works with third parties who use cookies and other tracking technologies to track the effectiveness of the
advertisements that may be placed in the Services. They are used for analyzing advertisement view counts. They might
also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites, and/or set, change, alter or
modify settings or configurations on your device.

If You do not wish to have cookies placed on Your computers, You should set the devices to refuse cookies or tracking
before using the Services, with the drawback that certain features of such service may not function properly.

Please note that some parts of the Services may be country specific, and may not work properly if NimbusXR is unable to
tell where You are accessing the Services from.

6. Rights of the Data Subjects and Contact Information

Right to access, correct and object

You may contact us and we will inform what Personal Information we have collected and processed regarding you and the
purposes such data are used for. You have the right to have corrected any incorrect, incomplete, outdated, or
unnecessary Personal Information stored about you by contacting us.

You may object to certain use of Personal Information, including direct marketing, if such data are processed for other
purposes than purposes necessary for the performance of our Services or for compliance with a legal obligation. You may
also object any further processing of Personal Information after prior given consent. If you object to the further
processing of Personal Information, this may lead to fewer possibilities to use our Services.

Right to deletion and restriction of processing

You may also ask us to delete your Personal Information from our systems. We will comply with such request unless we
have a legitimate ground to not delete the data. After the data has been deleted, we may not immediately be able to
delete all residual copies from all our systems. Such copies shall be deleted as soon as reasonably possible.

You may request us to restrict processing of certain Personal Information, this may however lead to fewer possibilities
to use our website and other Services.

Right to data portability

You have the right to receive Personal Information provided by you to us in a structured, commonly used format.

How to use the rights

These rights may be used by sending a letter or e-mail to us on the addresses set out below, including the following
information: name, phone number, login information and details of the Services you have used. We may request the
provision of additional information necessary to confirm your identity. We may reject requests that are unreasonably
repetitive, excessive or manifestly unfounded.

7. Changes to the Privacy Policy

NimbusXR reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and at NimbusXR’s sole discretion. All
changes hereto will be made available on our website: nimbusxr.us/privacy-policy. We will inform of the changes in the
applications or by email, if available, in case of any significant changes affecting your rights.

8. Contact Information

You may at any time contact NimbusXR at the address here below:

NimbusXR © 2024

Email: info@nimbusxr.us

Website: http://nimbusxr.us
